README.md, before:





[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-latest-brightgreen.svg)](http://doc.servertribe.com)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/844971127703994369)](http://discord.servertribe.com)
[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/videos-watch-brightgreen.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@servertribe)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-latest-brightgreen.svg)](https://www.servertribe.com/community-edition/)

# Automate Windows Update






# Attune

[Attune](https://www.servertribe.com/)
automates and orchestrates processes to streamline deployments, scaling,
migrations, and management of your systems. The Attune platform is building a
community of sharable automated and orchestrated processes.

You can leverage the publicly available orchestrated blueprints to increase
your productivity, and accelerate the delivery of your projects. You can
open-source your own work and improve existing community orchestrated projects.

## Get Started with Attune, Download NOW!

The **Attune Community Edition** can be
[downloaded](https://www.servertribe.com/comunity-edition/)
for free from our
[ServerTribe website](https://www.servertribe.com/comunity-edition/).
You can learn more about Attune through
[ServerTribe's YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/@servertribe).







# Clone this Project

To clone this project into your own instance of Attune, follow the
[Clone a GIT Project How To Instructions](https://servertribe-attune.readthedocs.io/en/latest/howto/design_workspace/clone_project.html).




## Blueprints

This Project contains the following Blueprints.



### Install  PSWindowsUpdate Module


### Patch Windows - Security





## Parameters


| Name | Type | Script Reference | Comment |
| ---- | ---- | ---------------- | ------- |
| Windows Node | Windows Node | `windowsnode` |  |
| Windows User: Administrator | Windows Credential | `windowsuseradministrator` |  |




## Files

| Name | Type | Comment |
| ---- | ---- | ------- |






# Contribute to this Project

**The collective power of a community of talented individuals working in
concert delivers not only more ideas, but quicker development and
troubleshooting when issues arise.**

If you’d like to contribute and help improve these projects, please fork our
repository, commit your changes in Attune, push you changes, and create a
pull request.

<img src="https://www.servertribe.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/Attune-pull-request-01.png" alt="pull request"/>

---

Please feel free to raise any issues or questions you have.

<img src="https://www.servertribe.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/Attune-get-help-02.png" alt="create an issue"/>


---

**Thank you**

Commit message:

write a project description and improve some step names

README.md, after:





[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-latest-brightgreen.svg)](http://doc.servertribe.com)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/844971127703994369)](http://discord.servertribe.com)
[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/videos-watch-brightgreen.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@servertribe)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/download-latest-brightgreen.svg)](https://www.servertribe.com/community-edition/)

# Automate Windows Update

This Attune project uses the PSWindowsUpdate module in PowerShell to manage 
Windows updates.

The PSWindowsUpdate module allows users to automate the process of checking 
for, downloading, and installing Windows updates. You can list available 
updates, download specific updates, and install them. It also provides the 
ability to hide or unhide updates.





# Attune

[Attune](https://www.servertribe.com/)
automates and orchestrates processes to streamline deployments, scaling,
migrations, and management of your systems. The Attune platform is building a
community of sharable automated and orchestrated processes.

You can leverage the publicly available orchestrated blueprints to increase
your productivity, and accelerate the delivery of your projects. You can
open-source your own work and improve existing community orchestrated projects.

## Get Started with Attune, Download NOW!

The **Attune Community Edition** can be
[downloaded](https://www.servertribe.com/comunity-edition/)
for free from our
[ServerTribe website](https://www.servertribe.com/comunity-edition/).
You can learn more about Attune through
[ServerTribe's YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/@servertribe).







# Clone this Project

To clone this project into your own instance of Attune, follow the
[Clone a GIT Project How To Instructions](https://servertribe-attune.readthedocs.io/en/latest/howto/design_workspace/clone_project.html).




## Blueprints

This Project contains the following Blueprints.



### Install  PSWindowsUpdate Module


### Update Windows for Security Updates





## Parameters


| Name | Type | Script Reference | Comment |
| ---- | ---- | ---------------- | ------- |
| Windows Node | Windows Node | `windowsnode` |  |
| Windows User: Administrator | Windows Credential | `windowsuseradministrator` |  |




## Files

| Name | Type | Comment |
| ---- | ---- | ------- |






# Contribute to this Project

**The collective power of a community of talented individuals working in
concert delivers not only more ideas, but quicker development and
troubleshooting when issues arise.**

If you’d like to contribute and help improve these projects, please fork our
repository, commit your changes in Attune, push you changes, and create a
pull request.

<img src="https://www.servertribe.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/Attune-pull-request-01.png" alt="pull request"/>

---

Please feel free to raise any issues or questions you have.

<img src="https://www.servertribe.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/Attune-get-help-02.png" alt="create an issue"/>


---

**Thank you**
